Overview:
These scripts perform the evaluation and visualization of SAR data classification results. They include the following steps:

Extracting Validation Points: Extracts validation points from shapefiles and associates them with classification results from raster files.
Calculating Evaluation Metrics: Computes various evaluation metrics such as F1-score, Cohen's Kappa, AUC, accuracy, precision, recall, and confusion matrices.
Visualizing Results: Generates ROC curves and confusion matrices to visualize the performance of the classification model.
Requirements:
Python 3.x
Required Python libraries: geopandas, pandas, numpy, matplotlib, rasterio, seaborn, scikit-learn
Setup:
Install the required Python libraries using pip:

pip install geopandas pandas numpy matplotlib rasterio seaborn scikit-learn
Ensure that you have the necessary input files:

Validation Points: Shapefiles containing validation points.
Classification Results: GeoTIFF files containing classification results.
CSV Folder: Folder where CSV files containing validation points and predicted classes will be saved.
Output Folder: Folder where evaluation metrics and visualization results will be saved.
Usage:
Modify the scripts to specify the paths to your input files and folders.

Run the scripts in a Python environment:

python extract_validation_points.py
python evaluate_classification.py
The scripts will perform the following tasks:

Extract validation points from shapefiles and associate them with classification results from raster files.
Calculate evaluation metrics such as F1-score, Cohen's Kappa, AUC, accuracy, precision, recall, and confusion matrices.
Visualize the results using ROC curves and confusion matrices.
Save the evaluation metrics, ROC curves, and confusion matrices to the specified output locations.
Inputs:
Validation Points: Shapefiles containing validation points.
Classification Results: GeoTIFF files containing classification results.
Outputs:
CSV Folder: CSV files containing validation points and predicted classes.
Output Folder: Text files containing evaluation metrics and PNG files containing ROC curves and confusion matrices.
Notes:
Ensure that the input files are correctly formatted and contain relevant data for evaluation.
Update the file paths and file format assumptions according to your data.
Customize the evaluation metrics and visualization options as needed.